      Working on this project has given me a curiosity with e-commerce website. I was able to make a webpage for users to view items and add them to the cart.
  Yet, that's not a big deal. In fact, we learn the very basics of that in CSC 242. However, I am most proud of the administrator webpage. I was able to put my existing
  SQL knowledge with my php knowledge and was able to create a user friendly way of doing things such as creating items, modifying items, adding and removing items to 
  and from stock. As soon as an item is created it just shows up with the rest instantly. I feel a good level of confidence in me with regards to web design because
  of projects like this. It may not be a super great website but its a step towards it. Since many members of my family have their own small business that lacks a website,
  I will be using this project as a show off in a way to see if they'll like something similar. And whatever they might want that I don't know how to do, I will look
  forward to it. All the necessary knowledge is out there in the web and working on this project gave me practice looking up how to do things. 
  
      So, I do believe this project was worth it. Since before arriving at Kutztown University I like making websites and another chance to practice making one with on-class time
 to work on it was amazing. Even so that I actually implemented some of the things I learned making this project on my CSC 355 project. The chance of practicing with a design that I
 have never done also gave me more experience as well as confidence. I like when each website has their own persona to it and that's what I want with every website that I get 
 to make. I just don't want to copy and paste the code and make another website. Instead, I want to maybe implement some of the things from previous websites but add its own new
 design to any other website. Doing this project was a good, worthwile experience.
 
    I did learned some things along the way. I learned that the things I may think of as simple could end up being the hardest ones. For example, one of the things that i did
not had a chance to finish was the ability to select a color shirt for a shirt design. It is simple in the sense that I could make a few radio buttons and add it as a note on the cart
and many other basic ways of achieving it. Yet, I want something that I am still trying to work on. I could do it and submitted and it'll work but for now I'll keep working on
a way to design it that I like. I also learned to browse around. By that  I mean to look around for more choices before settling for one. For example, I really wanted something
unique for the menu items, in the sense of how they are displayed to the user. I settled for a flipping card that shows the picture, name and description in the front and when
hovered on, it turns and displays the rest. I thought it made good marketing sense because a user could fall in love with an item before seeing the price hence the price won't
affect how the user feels towards the item at first. Yet, as of the beginning of this finals week, I saw some great design for the menu items, including one that
makes the item 3D with a little of javascript. For the future, I want to look around for a good amount of design options before picking one, so I could have more options.
